hey YouTube CAW w12 w here back again
with another video and in this video
we're gonna go ahead and unbox my new
Hollywood Hogan classic superstars and I
just got through the mail right now that
his door so uh I've been wanting this
figure for quite some time not so long
ago I actually at first I wasn't so sure
about getting it but I saw so many good
reviews on YouTube so I was like man you
know what let me just go ahead and get
it it's the only huh Hollywood Hogan I'm
missing from my NWO collection I got
pretty much every single Hogan in the
NWO collection pretty much I mean every
NWO that's been made of Hulk Hogan
so yeah let's open it up so you guys can
check it out and boom there he is
NWO Hollywood Hogan this is the the
Hollywood Hogan that came when he
wrestled up when he wrestled uh actually
when he wrestled in the WCW that's what
I'm trying to remember
I've heard some YouTube's review that
some people have gotten this Hogan
confused with when he wrestled the rock
at WrestleMania 18 but that is not true
this is a whole Cogan
or should I say Hollywood Hogan when he
wrestled in WCW
if for World Championship rustling now
that I actually look at this Hogan right
in front of my faces just fell Colgan
rocks it's it's a sweet Hogan I like the
face Kent you know he looks like he just
asked so what I don't care that's what
he looks like he's saying the only thing
I do not like about this Hogan figure is
those sunglasses those sunglasses just
do not go with this Hogan he never
where'd squared at glasses to the ring
he used to do he used he usually always
wear the oakley looking glasses that
were white with black lens or just all
black with or just some chrome ones with
black lens but they were never square
like that they were always round but I
got some pretty cool ones there that I
have that look like little Oakley's
white with black lens a little ghost I'm
just gonna go ahead and throw those on
aren't himself so he'll look more like
the realistic Hogan um he comes with a
removable removable bandana that you can
put on and take off he comes with the
feathers black and white feathers and he
comes with NWO belt as you can see just
getting my skins there we go
I was showing the video sideways a spark
and I come out sideways now but it's
alright you can see it better now what's
cool about this figure is um I don't
know if you've uh you guys for those
that didn't know this usually this
figure came with a deluxe NWO belt and
there was two versions of this Hogan
that was released one that came with a
small NWO bow which was like a really
little one that Jack's made and
and then one Hogan that came with with
the big boat with a deluxe NWO belt and
pretty much the one that came with the
big belt used to you usually always
comes bald without his removable
bandanna he would just come with the
feathers I think the pair of glasses the
weightlifting belt which is right there
of course but it says Hollywood on it
and and yeah he wouldn't come with a
bandanna but well it's cool about this
and I and I hadn't actually noticed this
was that this one came with the deluxe
belt and he came with with the bandanna
so that was what's really cool about
this whole genome I got this Hogan on
eBay for 30 bucks 30 85 was shipping and
all and he I was bidding on one before
and I ended up losing and he was he
would have came out cheaper to me but he
would have not brought the big belt he
was with the small belt so that what
that's what's really cool about this he
actually brought the big belt because I
was actually thinking about when I
display here I was actually gonna go
ahead and put him on a big boat and just
probably just paint NWO on it but um but
actually I'm glad I didn't do that
because I gave that belt to my American
sting and I haven't displayed with my
own with with the WCW world title and he
looks really nice I'll be showing now a
video of my collection real soon maybe
in the next month or so so yeah this is
my new Hollywood Hogan figure if you
look at the back right there you have a
nice picture of Hulk Hogan
or should I say Hollywood Hogan
and some info on him wanna pause and
read I don't know why they put Hollywood
Hulk Hogan when he was more refered to
Hollywood Hogan when he was in the NWO
except when he was in the WWF as with
the NWO that's when they decided to call
him more Hollywood Hulk Hogan but uh
there you go there's the picture you
actually could notice that he has a
small belt in his hands and it's a sweet
Hogan I'm telling you anybody that
doesn't have it I don't see your
connection because it's really really
cool these are other figures he can get
I already have this Hogan rarity
he really he comes with a shirt that you
can display him like he's ripping it off
really cool that's how I have mine's
displayed on the side of the box and
yeah that's my whole game figure guys
and thanks for watching I got more
figures on the way I got a lot of
figures on the way I stayed tuned I
might post up another video to Marcus I
think I'm getting one or two more
figures on the mail tomorrow
so I hope you guys enjoyed this video
thanks for watching and getting close to
my birthday July 20th yeah anybody send
me some birthday shoutouts are in there
I really appreciate it thanks guys for
watching see a WWE 12 W here signing off
god bless you